---
title: Truth Embedded in World History
date: 2021-05-01
tags: ["Humanities and Social Sciences", "World History"]
excerpt: The Next 10 Years
---
The top book in my stack right now is Graham Hancock's *"MAGICIANS OF THE GODS"*, which is about 500 pages long and it seem to take a lot of time to finish reading it.
The number of historical and human documents I want to read is constantly increasing, but my reading time is limited, which is a small problem for me.

When I was in high school, I learned 'World History' all the way to the end, which was unusual for a science major. But due to the great skill of my teacher and my own immatureness at the time, I was almost always asleep in class. When I graduated, I was told, "You nodoubtedly always slept a lot." It was my shame in retrospect.
He taught for a science class, but he never dilute their contents just to prepare for the National Center Test in Japan. 

With the collapse of the lifetime employment system, the value of organizations and human resources has been exposed, and people from various fields have come to work together, making the flow of human resources more active than before.
Although the aforementioned three reasons are not the only major reasons for this trend, I have recently come to believe that people other than those in flux might not be as aware of the changes as one might think. 
Originally, they might not *understand* who they are. 
Looking at the historical facts of history again, I feel I would be able to find the answers to this question.

Unexpectedly, I was surprised to read a blog by my former mentor (collaborator) that mentioned it from a completely different perspective. In the next ten years, I will be working hard to lay out a path to give back to the younger generation based on these perspectives.
